hey everyone it's staying with Blue
Martini photography again just got the
new yn 568 flash in today so just here
testing them out just want to give you
my overall opinion on them
first things first they they feel a
little boxy some of the movements are
kind of stiff but not overly stiff
whether it's gonna sag if you're like
you know consistently changing from left
to right feels pretty sturdy the balance
card I've come in trying to play with
this a little bit the balance card feels
a little tough to pull out and a little
bit flimsier than the Canon 580 x2 which
is what I use primarily for weddings
that's not really a big deal to me the
construction looks pretty good
the way the batteries are mounted are
kind of funny kind of show you this
there and there so kind of staggered
it's interesting I don't know why they
did that but nothing I can't live
without also when the actual lights come
on it's kind of cool it says Y in 568 on
also when you turn it off it goes Y in
568 off something kind of cool I don't
know I like it
first things first when I just kind of
noticed it I'll put on my little light
here it does have if you guys have the
the 560 where it has the the sound where
it automatically will beep at you once
you fire unless if I can focus the thing
it's kind of nice to let you know that
it's recharged for wedding is probably
not the most ideal situation but for any
strobe us work or if you're doing
modeling it's kind of nice to know that
your batteries are charged so a couple
of things I noticed right out of the
gate it's very simple to use the ETTL
works great I've done a couple test
shots around the house something I'm
going to show you just a couple of
random shots it works fantastic
high-speed sync is works fantastic and
it's synced with my 7d my 5d Mark 3 and
my 1d Mark 4 and then the last thing I
want to test it with the yn 622 trigger
so here I've got the 568 on the 622 the
5d Mark 3 with another 622 one thing
it's very simple to use just like before
you can go into the external speed light
control and bounce around from manual to
be TTL you can see if I just adjust here
it actually changes it right on the
flash it's very quick it's very
real-time I remember when I had my pixel
kings it took a couple seconds to to
adjust I've done a couple tests with the
high speed sync and it works great I'll
probably do a few more tests next week
when I get caught up on editing wedding
photos but just inside around the house
it works fantastic I will say I do also
have a 1d mark for the original batch of
wine 622 CS did not work on the 1d Mark
4 people are saying well does it work on
the 1d Mark 3 the 1d Mark 2 I don't know
I don't have those cameras anymore
I just have the 1d mark for the new
batch that I receive worked perfectly
fine and it works on the 568 as well the
other thing I thought was interesting is
that the old batch of wine 6 22s that I
received I could not control the manual
exposure on the 568 from any camera so I
thought that was kind of interesting the
new batch you can see I've got a labeled
1b so I know which ones the 1d the new
backs you can so other than that for I
think 170 180 bucks I think it's gonna
do the job just fine we'll see how it
works my next wedding is until next
weekend so I won't have any hardcore
evidence until then but if you guys have
any questions please let me know and
I'll try to answer them as best I can
thanks